today we're talking about the art 500
it's my go to highest level what's up
guys my name is Sarah deechi rhymes with
peachy if you're new around here I have
had the rx100 mark 5 for over a year now
and I've been using these types of
cameras for 3 years so I'm going to do
kind of a comprehensive review highlight
some key it features and also give you
some vlogging tips and I'm also going to
do it in the form of a vlog because I
wasn't kind of friends today yeah it's a
beautiful New York City day so let's go
adventuring
[Music]
your fame is slowing its down
China's got stop so many times
we're officially into Brooklyn
we're here for a pop-up shop my friend
India
my top 3 reasons why the rx100 is kind
of a perfect flogging camera is the face
detection it's really going to autofocus
the slow motion and then the flip out
screen and this video is actually
sponsored by Sony channel 2 Sony top
features of the rx100 number one is the
high frame rate mode so this is
something that has really helped my
videos stand apart because it's
something that even my big cameras can
do you can shoot up to 960 frames per
second so you new 240 480 and 960 all
you have to remember is you have to set
the exposure so you click the center of
the will get the exposure and then you
can hit that record button and then it's
going to buffer for a few seconds after
[Music]
[Applause]
number two is the one inch sensor
usually point-and-shoot cameras have a
tiny sensor that is only a little bit
bigger than a cell phone sensor and a
fraction of a micro four-thirds Sony's
one inch sensor will help you when it
comes to depth of field you know it has
the background all blurry and then bokeh
when it comes to vlogging paths to have
that flip out screen so you can see
yourself shooting but above that you
gotta have good autofocus this camera
has a 315 point phase detection
autofocus so when you're moving around
you're capturing the moment there's a
lot of people around you next thing is
the low-light even if I'm shooting with
a bigger camera or something cancer I
always have this Sony rx printer in my
bag just for those night shopping
I talked about the video features on
this alive but what a very nice photo
feature is it can shoot first 24 frames
per second raw plus JPEG so you could
technically do a 24 frames per second
video in like so many pixels as you
could shoot raw I wonder if I could make
a little 5 second movie with Phi of 1
second verse pictures could we do it we
could do it
[Music]
I've made it to dinner but a few things
about the rx100 that are kind of quirky
that you gotta count for first thing is
the batteries do not buy the fake
batteries they will die on you if you're
doing a lot of slow-motion
buy a lot of batteries number two is you
can't plug in a microphone so make sure
to get those fuzzy things to put on top
of the camera so you don't have issues
and went and number three is the image
stabilization is fantastic but not so
much well you're in 4k so you have to
compensate for that but I didn't even
mention 4k there's 4k in this tiny
camera I'm actually shooting in it right
now
so look good
[Music]
so the festival is in full swing this is
a festival
Oh May and I'm meeting a lot of great
new friends Brielle's names my name is
Zee
my name is IQ so they asked me it's some
great questions
what did you ask me so the first
question I asked them what is some great
tips for love and that segues this into
the second half of the video where I'm
gonna get some tips from the top rockers
to give you so I would say number one
start small few it looks like great
Jason Ritter I feel like one you're
gonna be shy about so it's like whether
it's your phone or a point to your
camera like what I'm using right now in
arts 100 start small you're gonna bring
it
the story will be the number one thing
you know what it is and I think it's
mostly like you want you to is always
like saturated with what gear you have
what care you should get it's something
like that's what makes it part of you to
try to start so we've gotten some advice
from bloggers but mango street is a
amazing YouTube channel that make videos
but also they do street photography so I
think some advice that they're gonna
give is going to apply to you guys as
well alright so one of our tips is to be
okay with being rejected by people who
don't want to be videos or photos and
the other part of that is just recognize
that you'll never see that person again
the longer that you do it you get used
to it and you get that shot and it's
worth it
anytime like we've seen this shot that
would have been like so perfect we'd
stop regret regret at heart and this
weekend we're like no we've got like all
street photography no regrets and so
you've been like just invading
everyone's days that's a good motto in
New York City no regrets
Craig vlog tip yeah so not many people
use the plus or minus exposure
compensation but if you're in a bright
light room
the camera doesn't know it and it thinks
it's like an iron exposing so pump that
up plus one f-stop don't look good so
how does one do this on arch 100 yeah
the rx100 you just have to press down on
the dial and if they're literally right
there this is a cool setup imagine
living here I want to be in that tree
for go go be in the tree fort with all
the vloggers I said it wasn't cool okay
poor Craig what's up guys my name is
Brett Conte and I'm a vlogger here in
New York City and a tip for vlogging
use what you have at your fingertips for
me I never knew what I wanted my Conda
to be around but I used New York City
and all my friends to great content
about that and what I'm going through
life other creatives like Sarah and John
including them and making content based
out of that so use what you have at your
fingertips my blogging tip is to be
intentional with the story that you were
telling don't just shoot willy nilly on
all these clips tell us how why what and
perhaps the story as you go throughout
the day so maybe you don't make a
20-minute wall right but maybe an 8 to
10 minute why exactly are you blogging
with your phone are you blogging for
vlogging you need an interesting story
to tell which I believe comes from
having a passion or a hobby that you're
really good at that you can showcase
imagine blogging anything and everything
having a purpose exactly you are so
right oh my gosh you're hot well I hope
you guys enjoyed this video I wanted to
make just one final rx100 comprehensive
review kind of thing and also I'd end
those vlogging tips from some of my
favorite people who live here in New
York who are vlogging and also like
mango Street super talented photography
based channel in Los Angeles so I'm
gonna put everyone's links in the
description below along with every video
I've made about the rx100 so if you're
looking to buy this thing you just want
to know more information I've been
making videos about this camera for
years now because I've actually blogged
with it for years you guys have the best
day ever let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
Tech creativity things just get awesome
around here I'll see you guys in the
next one stay peachy okay
you